Ready!
Huh? What was that?
[CHIAKI]
Makoto, throw the ball!
Did you guys hear something
just now? Kinda like...
[CHIAKI]
Hear something?
[KOUSUKE]
Like what?
[MAKOTO]
Weird...
[CHIAKI]
C'mon! Toss it!
Here it comes!
[grunts]
[CHIAKI grunts]
[CHIAKI]
Ah, man!
[KOUSUKE]
Got it!
[MAKOTO]
Guess what?
[KOUSUKE]
What?
Yesterday, I-- Uh, ah!
I didn't get my pudding.
[CHIAKI]
Why? What happened?
[KOUSUKE] I bet your
sister scarfed it down.
Yeah, and I was saving it
for a special snack.
Little brat! How dare she
help herself to my stuff!
[CHIAKI]
Aww, I did it again.
[MIYUKI]
Sis?
Huh?
[MIYUKI]
Sis?
H-Huh?
What the...? Huh?
[KOUSUKE]
Makoto! Makoto!
[MAKOTO]
What?
[KOUSUKE]
Heads up!
Uh?
[beeping]
[MAKOTO]
Ow!
That hurt...
[grunts]
[screams]
[MIYUKI]
It's about time you got up.
[MAKOTO] What'd you turn off
the alarm for?!
[MIYUKI]
Turn it off yourself!
[MAKOTO]
Bye, Mom!
[NEWS ANCHOR A] Yes, it's July
13, which is a "Nice Day."
[MAKOTO]
I'm in trouble!
[NEWS ANCHOR B]
What do you mean?
[NEWS ANCHOR A] Month seven,
day one-three is "Na-I-Su."
Finally managed to
get up, did you?
[MAKOTO]
Morning, Dad.
Oh.
[MAKOTO]
Ah!
Good morning.
[MAKOTO]
I'm outta here!
Wait, Makoto!
Hang on a second!
[MAKOTO]
What now?
[MOTHER]
On your way home,
could you take this to
your Auntie Witch?
Tell her it's from Grandma.
No way! I don't wanna lug all
that stuff to school.
--[MOTHER] One more thing...
--[MAKOTO] Uh?
[MOTHER] Ask her when she's
going to get married.
--'Kay.
--Thanks.
--See ya!
--Bye!
[MOTHER]
Have a good day.
[WOMAN A]
Oh, morning, Mako!
[MAKOTO]
G'morning!
[crossing gates ringing]
--[bike bell chimes]
--[MAKOTO] Whoa! Oh... Ah!
--[tires squealing]
[CROWD gasping]
[MAKOTO sighs]
Sorry about the ruckus
every morning.
[CHIAKI hums]
[MAKOTO]
Hey, Chiaki!
Hey, Makoto.
Cutting it close. Maybe you
should get up earlier.
That's priceless,
coming from you.
Fell back to sleep, didn't ya?
Shut up!
[CHIAKI chuckles]
Hey, what's in the basket?
[MAKOTO]
None of your buisness!
[CHIAKI]
Come on. Tell me.
[bell rings]
[MAKOTO panting]
Barely made it again.
Why not give us some variety
and be late for a change?
[CHIAKI]
Why so early, Kousuke?
Forget to jerk yourself
off this morning?
Ha, ha. Very funny.
I made it with extra
time to spare. Look!
Are we totally lucky or what?
I'm the lucky one, not you.
Excuse me.
[MAKOTO]
People say they're out of luck
when something bad happens,
I always thought that was
just a figure of speech,
being lucky or unlucky.
But I guess I'm lucky.
Now people, why do
you think I was late
in getting to class today?
Not a pop quiz!
[FUKUSHIMA-SENSEI]
Yes, Hayakawa. Correct!
What?!
[STUDENTS groaning]
[MAKOTO] I've gotta say, I'm
pretty lucky most of the time.
Not only lucky, but
I have good instincts, too.
'Cause of that,
my grades are okay.
I'm not exactly a brain,
but I'm not an idiot either.
[FUKUSHIMA-SENSEI]
You have five more minutes.
Huh?!
[MAKOTO] I'm not dumb...
by most standards.
Five minutes.
[MAKOTO]
This time doesn't count.
I'm not especially
skilled in anything...
...but I'm not a walking
disaster, either.
When I look back,
I don't remember making
any huge mess-ups.
[MAKOTO yelps]
[STUDENTS scream]
[TEACHER A]
What're you standing there for?!
Get the fire extinguisher!
[STUDENT A]
Just a second!
[MAKOTO]
Again, an exception.
Are you sure you're all right?
Yeah, but I singed
my bangs a bit.
[MAKOTO]
Normally, I'm pretty careful,
so I've never been hurt too bad.
And I make sure
not to get involved
in complicated relationships.
[STUDENT yells]
[STUDENTS chatter]
[MAKOTO]
Jeez! Do you mind?!
Get off!
Come on, you idiot! Move!
Ah. Big man's up to bat.
He's battin' .412 this year.
Ah. He's undefeated
at the plate--
Oh! Ah, man!
[laughing]
Little jerk.
You think you're funny, huh?
--All right, funny man.
--[MORIKO] I don't think
this has anything to do
with you blood type horoscope.
[SEKIMI] Yeah, but it says
they're not compatible.
Could be dicey.
Who cares if it's dicey? She's
the one making the decision.
Uh...
[MAKOTO groans]
[YURI]
Makoto.
What's up?
Decided on going with
arts or sciences yet?
--Not yet. How 'bout you?
--Still thinking.
Good. Then I'm not the only one.
[YURI] It's a big decision.
We shouldn't rush it.
[MAKOTO] Yeah, who knows
how things'll turn out.
[YURI] I'll be glad
when all this is over.
[CHIAKI]
Hey, Makoto!
How much longer you
gonna make us wait?
[MAKOTO]
You could always come and help!
[CHIAKI] Ha, ha, ha. Yeah,
like that's ever gonna happen.
[KOUSUKE]
Just hurry up, all right?
[MAKOTO]
Yeah, yeah.
I wonder what
Chiaki's going into.
Probably science.
He's not the book type.
That's true. He is
amazing in math class.
But that's it. Anyway,
why'd you bring up Chiaki?
[STUDENT B] Hey, why haven't
the notebooks been put away?
Who's supposed to
take them upstairs?
--I don't know?
--You are!
[MAKOTO grunting]
[MAKOTO]
What a hassle...
[piano playing]
[MAKOTO groans]
Hm?
[MAKOTO]
"Time waits for no one."
[door rattles]
Huh...?
[rattling]
[MAKOTO]
It's empty.
That's weird.
Hm.
[MAKOTO] It sounded like
someone was in here.
Huh?!
[grunts]
Hm...
The room's locked. Huh?!
What is that?
[clattering]
[gasps]
--[crash]
--[MAKOTO screams]
[gasps]
[MAKOTO screaming]
[gasping]
[groaning]
[CHIAKI laughing]
[CHIAKI]
A-Are you an idiot or what?!
My stomach's killing me!
[KOUSUKE]
C'mon. It's not that funny.
[MAKOTO] He's right.
You're laughing way too hard.
[CHIAKI]
Get real, it's hilarious!
[MAKOTO]
It is not.
[KOUSUKE] You wanna to my
dad's clinic for a CT scan?
[MAKOTO]
I'm fine, all right?
[KOUSUKE] Okay, but, take it
easy. It could happen again.
[MAKOTO] It won't!
And if it does,
I've got a serious problem.
[CHIAKI]
He's got a point.
It's not normal for someone
to just collapse.
Hey, someone else
was in that room!
What do you mean?
Like, who?
[MAKOTO]
Gee... I wonder.
[CHIAKI] You think I had
somethin' to do with it?!
[MAKOTO]
Maybe not.
So I'm the bad guy suddenly?
[MAKOTO sighs]
Who could it have been?
[CHIAKI]
Oh, man, it's hot out here!
[KOUSUKE] Suck it up!
Summer vacation's almost here.
[MAKOTO]
Yeah! Summer vacation!
Hey, the three of us
should go someplace!
[KOUSUKE]
Like where?
[CHIAKI]
Uh, how 'bout a night game?
[MAKOTO] We did that last month.
That's all you ever wanna do.
[CHIAKI]
Any better ideas?
[MAKOTO]
What about the beach?
[CHIAKI chuckles]
In this heat?
[MAKOTO] We could go to
a fireworks festival!
And wear our best yukata.
[CHIAKI]
Like I own one of those.
[MAKOTO]
Where do you wanna go, Kousuke?
--To the library.
--[MAKOTO] What?!
I'm hittin' the books!
Your brain is gonna melt
if you keep cramming
during this heat wave.
You guys don't study
nearly enough.
[MAKOTO] It's not like I'm going
into pre-med or anything.
What're you gonna
be after grad, then?
[MAKOTO]
Huh?
Hmm... A hotel tycoon.
[KOUSUKE]
Huh?!
[MAKOTO]
Or maybe an oil baron.
Get real. It's nothin'
to joke about. Uh!
Hey... What are you
gonna do, Chiaki?
Who, me?
I dunno.
--Ow!
--[laughing]
You two gotta start takin'
life more seriously.
Goin' already?
[MAKOTO]
Yep. Just remembered something
that mom wanted
me to do for her.
Huh? But... No, no, no, no, no.
Don't be a party pooper.
You're leavin' me with the nerd!
Guess so. Later!
[CHIAKI]
C'mon, Mako. You're heartless.
Let's get going.
But the elves are coming out!
Good heavens...
Huh?!
Whoa! Hey! Watch
where you're going!
I'm sorry!
[clock chime plays]
[crossing gates ringing]
[gasps]
[MAKOTO]
If today was like...
If today was like
any other day...
...there wouldn't have
been any problems.
But...
[MAKOTO]
I'd forgotten.
Today was supposed
to be my worst day ever.
[MAKOTO]
Ah!
[MAKOTO whimpers]
[MAKOTO groaning, screaming]
[gasps]
[MAKOTO shrieking]
--[bell tolls]
--[CROWD murmurs]
[MAKOTO]
You're probably thinking
that this can't be happening,
but I'm going to die.
This is my last day.
If I knew this was
going to happen,
I would've gotten up earlier.
I wouldn't have slept in,
and I wouldn't have been late.
I would've fried that
tempura better.
And that stupid boy at school
wouldn't've been thrown into me.
I thought today... was
supposed to be a "Nice Day."
[MAKOTO groaning]
[MAKOTO]
Ow...
[WOMAN B] Hey! Will you
watch where you're going?!
[gasps]
So, you gonna say somthing?!
The very least you could
do is give an apology!
Sorry! I'm really sorry.
[WOMAN B]
Do you even know why
you have eyes in the
front of your head?!
So you can see what's in
front of you! You got that?!
Yes, I'll try and
be more careful.
Good grief, young
kids these days...!
Mom, look! The elves
are coming out!
Huh?
Oh, dear.
Is it that time already?
Huh?
What? It can't be.
[crossing gates ringing]
Impossible!
[phone rings]
[MUSEUM EMPLOYEE]
Hello?
Miss Yoshiyama?
Uh?
[MAKOTO groans]
[SECURITY GUARD chuckles]
Take it easy.
She'll be right down.
[KAZUKO]
Makoto!
[MAKOTO]
Auntie!
Auntie Witch!
Tell me, am I alive?!
I am alive, aren't I?!
There's-There's nothing
wrong with me, is there?
[KAZUKO]
Hmm...
Your bangs look
a little strange.
What you experienced
was a time leap.
[MAKOTO]
Time leap?!
You were about to be hit
by a train, right?
[MAKOTO]
Yeah.
Shortly after being
thrown from your bike?
[MAKOTO]
Yeah!
And then when you came to, you'd
gone back a few minutes in time.
[MAKOTO]
Exactly!
That's what you
call a time leap.
You see, time can
never be reversed.
Then how did I...
[KAZUKO]
Time itself doesn't go back.
So it was you that
went back in time.
In other words,
you leapt through time
and returned to the past.
Are you sure?
[KAZUKO] Yes. Actually,
it's not that unusual.
It happens to a lot of
girls around your age.
No way. Trust me.
It never happens.
It happened to me.
[MAKOTO]
What?! Are you serious?
Yes. All right, say you
sleep in on a Sunday morning.
And... And you think,
"I don't wanna do anything
today." Sound familiar?
Then, before you know it,
it's already evening.
It comes as quite a shock.
You're like, "What happened
to my precious Sunday?"
I wish you'd take me
more seriously,
I'm not joking around here.
[KAZUKO] Anyway...
It's a good thing you're alive.
How 'bout cheering up a bit?
[MAKOTO chuckles weakly]
[KAZUKO chuckles]
Miyuki?
Uh-huh?
--Would you mind helping me?
--All right.
[KAZUKO]
Show me how you did it.
[MAKOTO]
I can't!
[KAZUKO] I'm sure if you
get the technique down,
you'll be able to do it again.
[MAKOTO] I'm telling
you it's not possible!
[KAZUKO] But you did
actually fly through the air,
right, Makoto?
--Like this?
--Yeah. Tear that off.
[crash]
What was that? An earthquake?
[MAKOTO groaning]
[gasps]
No, Sis! Don't do it!
[MAKOTO yelps]
[MIYUKI]
I'm begging you!
[BOTH grunt]
I'm sorry! Please forgive me!
This is all my fault!
Why are you doing this? Was it
because I ate your pudding?!
Uh. What do you mean?
[MIYUKI]
I don't want you to die, Sis!
Nobody's gonna die!
--Where are you going, then?
--To the store!
If it's pudding you want,
I can go buy it.
Don't worry about it, I'll go.
--[MIYUKI] Are you mad?
--[MAKOTO] No, I'm not mad.
[MIYUKI]
You positive?
[MAKOTO]
I'm not mad, okay?
[sighs]
[BOY A]
Watch this!
[BOY B]
Whoa! Cool!
[MAKOTO] There's no way.
How can you leap back in time?
It's definitely not possible.
[MAKOTO]
No chance.
At least it's not
something that I can do.
[RUNNERS] Left! Right!
Left! Right! Left! Right!
[MAKOTO panting]
[MAKOTO]
Here...
Go!
[gasps]
[screams]
[MAKOTO screaming]
[MAKOTO yelps]
[MAKOTO groans]
Ow...!
Huh?!
What the...? Where am I?
Oh, I'm home.
[MAKOTO]
Pudding?
My pudding... It's still here.
[sighs]
[NEWS ANCHOR B]
It's Tuesday, July 12.
Today marks the
anniversary of when
Japan adopted standard time.
Commemorating the day...
--[door opens]
--Huh?!
[MOTHER]
How about that pudding?
[MIYUKI]
I can eat it?!
[FATHER]
I thought it was your sister's?
[MOTHER]
I'm pretty sure
she'll be having a bite
to eat with her friends.
[MIYUKI]
I can have it then? Yay!
There's no way you're
getting it! This is mine!
[ALL]
Huh?!
[MOTHER]
Makoto?
When did you get home?
[MAKOTO screaming]
[MAKOTO groans]
[MAKOTO]
That hurt...
The pudding! Where is it?!
It's gone...
[BOY C]
Did you see that?!
[BOY D] Hm? What?
What're you talkin' about?
The jump that girl
just did! It was awesome!
You said it!
She vanished for a second!
Come on! Get real!
How could she disappear?
[BOY A]
You're such a liar.
[BOY C]
It's not a lie. I saw it.
Did I do it?
A time leap?!
[BOYS yelling]
Uh?!
[MAKOTO groaning]
Delicious!
Wait a sec...
Hang on! This isn't a dream!
I can leap through time!
I can do it!
[MAKOTO]
Bye, Mom! Bye, Dad!
Have a good day!
[MAKOTO'S DAD]
Bye, Makoto.
[MAKOTO'S DAD yawns]
[MIYUKI yawns]
--Huh? What time is it?
--[MIYUKI] I dunno.
You're probably wondering
why today, July 13,
is called "Nice Day",
so allow me to explain...
[MAKOTO]
Morning!
G'morning!
[BOYS]
Huh?!
[MAKOTO]
Morning!
Huh?
Good morning.
[Makoto panting]
Good morning!
[CHIAKI humming]
[CHIAKI]
Hm?
Barely made it again.
Why not give us some variety,
and be late for a change?
Why so early, Kousuke?
Forget to jerk yourself
off this morning?
Stop goofing off.
You should try waking up
a little earlier, like me.
Ha. Wha-What are you
doing here already?!
Hm?
Yes! I'm all done!
[STUDENTS growl, murmur]
[MAKOTO]
Takase...
[TAKASE]
Huh?
[MAKOTO]
Can we switch groups?
Sure, but... How come?
Ow! Ow! Ow!
[class screams]
[TEACHER A]
Don't panic! Shut off the gas!
Takase, put it out!
Uh, yeah.
[TAKASE whimpers]
Ah!
[TEACHER A coughs]
[BULLY] Takase, ya bone head!
You're gonna pay!
I didn't mean to do it!
Hey, I've been thinking
about Chiaki...
Hold that thought.
I've got a situation
I need to take care of.
[YURI]
Huh?
[STUDENT C groans]
[STUDENT D]
How'd she do that?
Hey, uh...
You all right, Makato?
[STUDENTS cheer]
[YURI] So you goin' with
liberal arts or science?
[MAKOTO]
I think I might study abroad.
Ah! For real?!
[MAKOTO] Yeah, like on one of
those exchange programs.
What're you goin' on about?
Aren't you the girl who
failed remedial English?
Come on, you know the saying.
Time waits for no one.
[CHIAKI]
Hey, Makoto!
Coming!
A melon soda and
two colas, please.
Tell me again why
we're doing karaoke,
instead of playing baseball?
We can play baseball
after karaoke.
But then we won't have enough
time. Karaoke's for losers.
♪ Time waits for no one.
Not even you. ♪
♪ Not ya momma,
or ya brother... ♪
[phone rings]
Yello?
[EMPLOYEE]
You've got five minutes left.
Right. We'll pack up.
Already?
A melon soda and
two colas, please.
Tell me again why we're
doing karaoke,
instead of playing baseball.
[MAKOTO groaning]
What the hell are you doin'?
[MAKOTO]
Nothing!
Nothing?
How does somebody
fall like that?!
And weren't you just
sitting right here?
Drop it!
And let's get singing!
♪ Time waits for no one.
Not even you. ♪
[phone rings]
Yello?
[EMPLOYEE]
You've got five minutes left.
'Kay...
Thanks! We'll leave
right away, okay?
Not! Ow!
[CHIAKI]
Huh?!
[MAKOTO groans]
What the hell are you doin'?
[MAKOTO]
I fell.
How could anyone fall like that?
And weren't you just
sitting here...
I'm not done singing yet!
♪ I've got the music in me!
[KOUSUKE]
Uh, 'scuse me.
Could we get a melon soda,
a cola, and a ginger ale?
[MAKOTO]
I'm home...
What on earth happend
to your voice?
We were singing.
[MOTHER] You must've sung
for an awfully long time.
About... ten hours.
Oh, don't be ridiculous.
Ah... I'm exhausted.
So, what's for dinner?
[MIYUKI]
Chicken and veggie stew.
What?!
Come on, can't we have
teppanyaki or something?
We had that the day
before yesterday.
Aww, I want teppanyaki...
Quit complaining.
You coulda come home earlier
and helped out, ya know.
Ha!
--[FATHER] What's the matter?
--Me? Nothing.
Wow!
This is more like it!
Looks delicious! Ah!
Ha!
How come you're
only catching mine?!
I'm amazed she can catch
anything like that.
Huh! Ha! Ah!
Not again!
[CHIAKI] How could you know
what I'm gonna throw?!
Nothing you can hide from me!
I can predict everything
you're gonna do!
I'll beat anyone,
every single time!
Ah, ha, ha!
[BOY A]
What's up with that looney?
[BOY B]
I just hope it's not contagious.
[laughing continues]
[KAZUKO] Mm. Look at these
pastries. You've gone all out.
[MAKOTO]
Forget about it.
Just my way of saying
thanks for all the advice.
Even if I spend
my entire allowance...
[slurps]
Ah!
...all I have to do is
leap back to allowance day!
Then I get all my
spending money again!
I can go back and forth,
any way I like!
I can sleep in after the alarm
goes off. Twice, if I want!
If I forget something, I don't
have to go back to get it.
There's no more time limits at
all-you-can-eat restaurants!
Oh, and if you forget
to tape a soap opera,
just ask me!
--Thank goodness.
--[MAKOTO] No prob.
I'm glad to hear
you're not using it
for anything significant.
C'mon! This changes
everything. Let me tell ya,
leaping back and forth
through time is amazing!
I can't get enough of it!
It's such a blast!
My stomach's killing me
by the end of the day.
[laughs]
[KAZUKO] Ever think that
someone might be suffering
from your good fortune?
Huh?
You think so?
[KAZUKO]
Who knows?
Yum!
[MAKOTO] Nobody's suffering!
Everything'll be all right,
no matter what happens.
I mean, I can always go back
and do things over,
as many times as I want.
[MORIKO]
Look! Today's perfect!
If you blow this chance, you'll
have to wait another year.
[SEKIMI] You did decide you were
gonna tell him today, right?
[KAHO]
Yeah.
[MORIKO] You've gotta
give it a good crack.
[SEKIMI]
Crack it and then what?
[MORIKO]
Senior!
--[CHIAKI] Who, me?
--[MORIKO] No!
Uh... Hi. Uh.
Kaho!
Uh...
[MAKOTO]
We'll go on ahead!
All right!
[CHIAKI]
Who are those girls?
[MAKOTO]
Nevermind, let's just go.
[CHIAKI]
Jeez. Lose the girly throw.
Use your shoulder this time.
[gate creaks]
[MAKOTO]
Huh?
I made it.
[CHIAKI]
Took you long enough!
[KOUSUKE]
Sorry.
[MAKOTO]
So...
What? Those girls, you mean?
They're just juniors,
from the Volunteer Club.
[MAKOTO]
Right. So what's up with them?
Not much. They wanted to know
if I was goin' out with you.
[MAKOTO]
What?! We're not goin' out!
Yeah, that's what I told 'em.
[MAKOTO]
And? Anything else?
One of 'em has a crush
or somethin'...
She asked me to
go out with her.
--Way to go!
--[CHIAKI] Are you serious?
So, what'd you say?
[KOUSUKE]
Turned her down.
Ah! Meanie!
Take it easy.
[MAKOTO]
That took guts to ask you out!
[CHIAKI]
Why'd you turn her down, man?
I'd totally be jonesing
for that chick.
Yeah, big surprise.
[MAKOTO] Besides, she looks like
that girl you were in love with
back in junior high.
What?! She does not!
[KOUSUKE grunts]
[CHIAKI] Don't come cryin' to
me when you change your mind
too late about dating that girl.
[KOUSUKE]
Can we please just drop it now?
[MAKOTO]
See ya.
Later.
[CHIAKI sighs]
Hey, where's your bike?
--Somethin' happened to it.
--Get on, I'll double ya.
[MAKOTO]
You'll take me home? Sweet!
[MAKOTO] You honestly think
Kousuke wasn't interested?
Probably. The guy usually
means what he says.
[MAKOTO]
I'm kinda glad, actually.
Why's that?
If he gets a girlfriend,
he'll treat her special, I bet.
Yeah, that'd be him, all right.
[MAKOTO] Then we couldn't
play baseball anymore.
Ah, you got a point.
Playing catch doesn't exactly
count as baseball.
It's just... I don't know.
I kinda felt that somehow,
the three of us
would always be together.
Kousuke would tell us
off for being late...
...and you'd ride me for not
being able to catch the ball...
Makoto...
[MAKOTO]
Hm?
What do you say...
Mm. Wanna go out?
[MAKOTO]
Stop.
Stop for a second.
--[MAKOTO] What was that?
--[CHIAKI] U-Uh?
[MAKOTO]
Why'd you say that?
[CHIAKI]
Well, I--
[MAKOTO] Where's that
coming from suddenly?
[CHIAKI] Y-You were
wondering what it'd be like
if Kousuke got a girlfriend.
I mean, I'm not ugly, am I?
You serious?
Dead.
Ah! Hang on!
Wait a minute, will ya?
[girls laughing, chatting]
What is it this time?
Can we just go?
Huh?
Uh...
Makoto?
[MAKOTO screaming]
Ah!
--Uh?!
--Huh?!
Uh... What the hell are
you doin' down there?
Nothing at all.
[CHIAKI] Don't come cryin'
if you change your mind
too late about dating that girl.
[KOUSUKE]
Can we please just drop it now?
[CHIAKI]
See ya.
Later.
[CHIAKI sighs]
Hey, where's your bike?
Get on, I'll double ya.
[MAKOTO gulps]
[CHIAKI] That loser,
Kousuke, he beat me to it.
[MAKOTO] Mm. It's not as if
he decided to go out with her.
That's what he says now,
but I bet if he
got a girlfriend,
he'd always pick her over us.
--You can't be sure about that.
--Aw, man!
Without Kousuke, we'd only be
able to toss the ball around.
Why don't you give the poor guy
some credit, and deal with it
if and when Kousuke does
start seeing the girl?
Well, there's not much
we can do if it happens.
Anyway...
Ah!
...how 'bout you
go out with me?
[MAKOTO] Like I said, why
are we talking about this?!
[CHIAKI]
That's what he says now,
but I bet if he
got a girlfriend,
he'd always pick her over us.
Hey, did I ever tell you what a
total idiot my little sister is?
Uh, I was talkin' about Kousuke,
in case you didn't notice.
Forget him.
Let's talk about my sister.
So, anyway... If Kousuke
finds a girlfriend--
Let me tell you about my sister!
[CHIAKI]
You wanna go out with me?!
[CHIAKI] Don't come crying to
me when you change your mind
too late about dating that girl.
[KOUSUKE]
Can we please just drop it now?
[CHIAKI]
Uh? Makoto?
--I'll take you home.
--[MAKOTO] No thanks.
[CHIAKI]
Yo, what's the matter?
[KOUSUKE]
What's her problem?
--That's all your fault!
--Ah! I didn't do anything.
[KAZUKO] I thought
that you liked Chiaki.
Hm. Didn't you feel
obligated to stick with him,
to help keep him in line?
[MAKOTO] I might've said
something like that before.
What's the point of
pretending he never asked?
Why not go out with him?
--No way! Not happening.
--[KAZUKO] How come?
I can't picture
Chiaki and I
being anything more than
friends. That's how come.
If it doesn't work out,
go back to the way things were.
You're mature enough
to handle that.
Thanks, but no thanks.
[KAZUKO] Sometimes these
things start off one sided,
and the person grows on you.
It won't happen! Never!
I see.
So you're gonna act
like it never happened?
I fell sorry for Chiaki.
After he worked up
the courage...
Huh?
[KAZUKO]
Well, then again,
I suppose he wouldn't
even know that he did.
[MAKOTO groans]
Hey, uh, you know how
Chiaki transferred
to our school this spring? I
heard he'd been bouncing around
from school to school
before that.
Apparently.
You think the rumors about
him living overseas are true?
I doubt it.
He sucks at languages.
--No, huh?
--No chance.
[YURI] I wonder if
something happened to him
at his last school?
[MAKOTO]
Why don't you ask him?
[YURI] I don't even
have his email address.
[MAKOTO]
So? He's in our class.
Yeah, I know. But you're
such good friends with him.
[MAKOTO] I wouldn't ask
him something like that.
[MAKOTO] Besides, I wouldn't
say we're that close.
[YURI]
Liar.
[MAKOTO]
Am not! I mean...
[TAKASE groaning]
[BULLY laughs]
[BULLY B]
Yeah!
[BULLY C]
In the face, man!
[TAKASE]
Uh... Stop!
[BULLY]
Ah, yeah! You're a loser, man!
--They're getting revenge!
--Leave him alone!
[BULLY] You have a
nice shower? You stink!
Look at him!
He looks like a wet dog!
[laughter]
--[BULLY B] Who shut it off?
--Huh?
[STUDENT E]
It's Mamiya.
You about done?
[MAKOTO gasps]
--Not over, Takase.
--Later, loser.
[CHIAKI] That's pretty bad.
You're totally soaked.
Are you all right, Takase?
They threw cola on me yesterday.
Although, I did manage to throw
a latte back at them.
You know, you're only making
it worse doing that. Right?
Hey, Makoto!
[CHIAKI] Did you watch
the night game last night?
That Saito sure put
the squeeze on, huh?
Why'd you look away from me?
I didn't look away.
[CHIAKI]
What're you up to?
Nothing.
What's goin' on? Somethin'
juicy? Come on, tell me!
I told you, it's nothing!
I...
[CHIAKI]
What's the matter?
[TAKASE]
Konno, you jerk!
Huh?!
Why did you ask me
to fry that tempura
in the Home Ec. class
the other day?!
[MAKOTO]
Uh, well, I never thought
something like that
would happen!
This is all your fault, idiot!
Who are you calling an idiot?!
Keep it up and I'll throw this!
No, don't, Chiaki.
Yeah? I dare you!
[TAKASE grunts]
[STUDENTS laugh]
[CHIAKI]
Ohh. I didn't mean to do that.
[TAKASE]
Stupid!
[CHIAKI]
That guy's pretty rude.
Goin' around calling
everyone names.
[MAKOTO] So? You're always
calling me an idiot.
[CHIAKI] Heh, heh. Yeah,
but I say it out of love.
[CHIAKI]
C'mon, where's your comeback?
You're leaving me
in the cold here.
Uh. She acting weird,
don't you think, Hayakawa?
[YURI]
Oh, uh... yes, indeed.
[CHIAKI]
Why the stiff talk?
[YURI]
Sorry, it's just that
I haven't spoken to
you much before.
[CHIAKI]
Makoto!
[KOUSUKE]
She's not here.
But she always meets us here.
--Somethin' happen?
--Huh?
No! No, nothin' at all!
You must've said somethin'
that pissed her off.
You better not have
said she has big feet.
You know she's self-conscious.
[CHIAKI]
I didn't say anything!
I didn't!
I don't think I did...
Uh?
[grunts]
[KOUSUKE]
Toss it back!
I can't throw good
when I'm thinking.
It's no use...
I just don't get it!
[phone vibrates]
[MAKOTO groans]
[MAKOTO]
Oh, it's Yuri.
"Something really great
happened today!"
I wonder what.
[dog barking]
[MIYUKI]
Hello? Oh, hi. Yeah. Hang on.
Yeah... Uh-huh, yeah...
Wonder what her news was?
[bell rings]
[MAKOTO] Hurry up, let's go!
Before they sell out!
Actually, I'm not feeling
all that well today.
[MAKOTO] Wanna go to
the nurse's office?
Oh! U-Uh. N-No, thanks!
I'll be fine.
[STUDENT F] C'mon, hurry,
this is gonna be good.
[STUDENT G]
C'mon! C'mon, man!
--[STUDENT H] Did you hear?!
--[STUDENT I] This way!
[STUDENTS chattering]
[gasps]
[BULLIES groaning]
[BULLY]
Knock it off, Takase! Ah!
Why should I listen to you?! You
didn't stop when I asked you to!
[BULLY] All right!
I admit, we were wrong!
[TAKASE] Then you shouldn't have
done it to me to begin with!
[STUDENT J] Jeez. That guy's
lost it. Anyone call a teacher?
[STUDENT K]
Come and see this.
Put it down, Takase!
Takase!
Konno!
[gasps]
[TAKASE]
Did you just give me an order?!
No, it wasn't like that!
Yes, you did!
--[STUDENTS gasp, yell]
--[MAKOTO yelps]
Huh?!
[grunting]
[TAKASE] Why?! Damn it!
Why won't it work?
[gasps]
--[MAKOTO screams]
--[STUDENTS gasp, scream]
--[STUDENTS murmuring]
--Don't do it, Takase!
--[TAKASE grunting]
--[MAKOTO gasps]
Takase!
[yelling]
[STUDENTS gasp, scream]
[MAKOTO whimpers]
[gasps]
[MAKOTO]
Chiaki!
[MAKOTO grunts]
[MAKOTO, CHIAKI grunt]
[YURI]
Ahh!
--[STUDENTS murmur, gasp]
--[MAKOTO gasps]
--[STUDENT L] Are you okay?!
--[STUDENT M] Yuri!
[STUDENT N]
That hit her big time!
[STUDENT O]
What grade's she in?
Someone call a teacher!
[TAKASE] It wasn't my fault!
It wasn't... I-I swear!
[STUDENTS murmuring]
[YURI sobbing]
[NURSE] Now don't cry.
It's not that bad.
[YURI]
What if it leaves a scar...?
If it does,
I'll deal with it somehow.
How are you gonna do that?
I'll handle it, okay?
[NURSE]
No boys in here, please.
[CHIAKI]
Does it hurt?
[YURI]
Yeah.
--[CHIAKI] Let's see.
--[YURI] No.
[CHIAKI]
Come on.
[YURI]
Thanks.
[CHIAKI]
I'm sorry, seriously!
[MAKOTO]
Huh?! But, why?!
[CHIAKI]
I said I'm sorry, really!
Ugh. Give me a break.
I mean,
who takes a girl to a night
game on their first date?
Yeah! I thought you said the
three of us were going together!
I was looking forward to it! Uh!
How many times do
I have to say sorry?
Hayakawa said a night
game would work for her.
You gonna date her?
--[CHIAKI] You know it!
--[MAKOTO] Ah...
[grunts]
[KOUSUKE]
Oh. You all right?
Ya serious?
[CHIAKI]
Yeah, somethin' wrong with that?
[CHIAKI] Well, what can
I say? Yuri gets me.
You know what I mean?
How nice for you! Uh!
[CHIAKI grunts] Jeez! You idiot!
How 'bout aiming first?!
[MAKOTO'S DAD]
I'm home!
--Ah. Huh? Where's the rice?
--I'm making some more.
Why?
Makoto ate the whole
batch herself.
[MAKOTO]
Aww!
What's wrong with him?
First he says he likes me,
and now he's going out with her?
[MAKOTO groaning]
[gasps]
[panting]
I almost drowned!
Huh?!
Uh... huh...
What is this thing?
[MAKOTO]
Ninety?
[KOUSUKE]
Hey, Makoto!
[MAKOTO grunts]
--[KOUSUKE chuckles]
--[MAKOTO] Let go!
[SEKIMI]
I think we lost this one.
She's putting us to shame,
that's for sure.
The world is full of deceit.
[sighs]
[KOUSUKE] Sucks not
having Chiaki here. Uh!
Let's make sure we
get him here tomorrow.
[MAKOTO]
That wouldn't be fair to Yuri.
[KOUSUKE sighs] How 'bout
I say that you miss him?
Bet he'd come then.
[MAKOTO]
Who said I miss him?!
Ah, please, he only
went with Hayakawa
'cause you turned him down.
What! I did not.
[KOUSUKE]
Really?
What's that supposed to mean?!
Oh, brother...
[MAKOTO] So what's the deal with
you? Why don't you find a girl?
'Cause if I did start goin'
out with someone...
...then you'd end up alone.
Huh?!
[KAZUKO] I thought you had
a thing for Kousuke?
He's the one who always helps
when you're having
problems, right?
[MAKOTO]
Kousuke's there for everyone.
[KAZUKO]
Why don't you go out with him?
[MAKOTO]
Why would you even suggest that?
[KAZUKO] Like I said before,
if it doesn't work out,
you can always go back
to how it was.
[MAKOTO]
No way. I would never do it.
[KAZUKO]
Why is that?
[MAKOTO]
'Cause it'd be like toying
with a person's feelings...
[KAZUKO]
And you couldn't possibly do
such a terrible thing?
Uh?
Since you started going
back into the past,
you haven't exactly
shown restraint.
You've played all sorts of
mind games with people.
[MAKOTO]
What? Is that how you see it?
More or less.
She's a witch.
I knew it. She really
is my "Auntie Witch."
Hey, this painting...
Do you recognize it?
Yeah, I do. It's the one you've
been restoring for so long.
[KAZUKO]
It's a strange painting.
The longer you look at it,
the more relaxed and
comforted you feel.
[MAKOTO]
Mm.
[KAZUKO] We don't know
who the painter is,
and we still don't
really know whether
it's a worthy piece of art. But,
there's one thing I did learn
while working on
its restoration.
This piece was painted
during a historical period
of famine and war
many centuries ago.
Oh?
[KAZUKO]
I wonder how someone was
able to create such
a beautiful painting
when it must've seemed that
the world was coming to an end?
[FUKUSHIMA-SENSEI]
What're you gonna do, Konno?
You're the only one who hasn't
chosen your academic major.
[FUKUSHIMA-SENSEI]
Konno...
Konno!
--[FUKUSHIMA-SENSEI] Konno!
--Yes!
Don't get all cocky on me
just 'cause you got a good
mark on the math quiz.
I won't!
That's so weird...
I swear it said "90"
last time I saw it.
Huh?
[MORIKO]
Why don't we ask her ourselves?
[KAHO]
I dunno...
--Ask what?
--W-Wait! Hang on a second!
Wh-Whoa! What's this about?!
Makoto Konno! We are members
of the Volunteer Club! And we--
[SEKIMI] And there's something
we'd like to ask you!
Nevermind. It's nothing!
We have noticed something
about you lately.
You're always with Kousuke!
Uh-huh?
So, are you two going
steady then, or what?!
Are you going out with him?
Are you going out with Kousuke?
[SEKIMI, MORIKO]
Are you going out with him?!
[KAHO] I was still in
junior high at the time,
but apparently some students
from the Volunteer Club
at Kuranose Senior High had gone
to visit the retirement home
where my grandmother lived.
Grandma was especially impressed
with one of the students,
and she spoke to me
about him many times.
She would go on and on
about what a kind and
gentle boy he was.
She said it over and over.
[KAHO]
This might sound strange, but,
she talked so much about him,
that I began to kind
of fall in love.
Even though I'd
never even met him.
[MAKOTO]
That's a sweet story.
I found out when
I got into senior high
that that student's name
was Kousuke Tsuda.
Wow, things like that
really do happen.
The problem is that Kaho's shy.
She's afraid of her own shadow.
We've been working to
drum up her courage.
And finally, finally,
we got her to tell Kousuke
she's got a crush on him.
Oh, you mean the other day?
But, according to Kousuke...
Huh?!
"I've already given
my heart to someone!"
"I'm sorry, but I cannot
go out with you!"
No, wait... Uh!
--That's not really how it went.
--Huh?
"How could an bonehead like that
get a higher mark than I did?"
"I've gotta stop slacking
off so much. Sorry."
So he apologized,
and turned me down.
Who's the bonehead he was
talking about. Is it me?
And that's when
Kousuke told us.
He said that he wasn't
going out with you,
but I'm not sure we believe him.
So how 'bout explaining
what's going on then?!
Something doesn't seem
right if you ask me!
Time you gave us an explanation!
Hang on a minute!
Okay! You've made
your point already!
Ahem! I'll deal
with this somehow.
Deal with this?
What do you mean, somehow?
Just trust me!
[MAKOTO panting]
[growling]
Ha!
[MAKOTO grunts]
[STUDENTS murmur]
Uh... Hi...
Kaho!
Uh.
I...
[MAKOTO]
Kousuke!
Uh-huh?
[KAHO, MORIKO, SEKIMI,
KOUSUKE gasp]
Where'd you come from?
Didn't you just head off to the
baseball field a second ago?
Never mind that!
This girl here was saying
that her grandmother
was so grateful about
you coming around
and taking care of her
at her retirement home.
I'm impressed,
Kousuke! So anyway...
Uh... How do you know all that
stuff about my grandmother?!
Who, me? Uh, I met her
at the bowling alley...
But my grandmother's bedridden!
[MAKOTO]
Oh! Um, my mistake.
Let me know when
you're done gabbing.
--[KAHO, MORIKO, SEKIMI] Uh...
--No, hang on, Kousuke!
[groans]
[MAKOTO panting]
[MAKOTO]
One more time!
Ha!
[MAKOTO groaning]
Um... Well...
[MAKOTO]
Kousuke!
Uh-huh?
[MAKOTO]
Hold on...
[KAHO, MORIKO, SEKIMI,
KOUSUKE gasp]
Where'd you come from?
Didn't you just head off to--
Hold it!
You're being such a coward!
What's the point of
getting all sulky
just 'cause I
got a better mark?
This has nothing
to do with that!
What's your problem, showin'
up braggin' your head off?!
And what has nothing
to do with what?!
I'm saying that the test scores
and the fact that Kaho's in love
with you, have nothing
to do with eachother.
It's not true!
[gasps]
[MAKOTO]
Ah... Wait! Kaho!
Well, you heard
what the girl said.
Uh! Don't go, Kousuke!
Huh?
[groans]
[MAKOTO panting]
[MAKOTO] I've gotta take
a simpler approach to this.
[screams]
[SWIMMERS]
Ohh...
[MAKOTO screams]
[grunts, groans]
[MIYUKI]
What's with all the commotion?
The day's just getting started.
I went back too far!
And I'm late. Again!
[MOTHER]
Makoto! The peaches!
The peaches!
[MAKOTO snoring]
[KOUSUKE]
Hm?
[MAKOTO]
Mm... Hm?
Unbelievable.
[STUDENT C, D grunting]
[STUDENT C]
Now for the headlock!
[MAKOTO]
Ha!
[STUDENT C]
Huh? What was that?
[STUDENT D]
Amazing...
Quit staring. Just carry on!
Could you move?
I need this spot.
[FEMALE STUDENT]
Kaho!
[KAHO]
Huh?
I don't exactly know why,
but someone wants you to
come down to the courtyard.
Who does?
[KOUSUKE]
Tell me where we're going!
What're you gonna make me do?
You'll know when we get there!
[YURI]
Makoto?
[MAKOTO]
Later!
Okay! Okay! You got me!
You think this is what
she meant by the courtyard?
Who knows?
--[STUDENT C laughing]
--[STUDENT D] Ah! Stop!
Stand... there.
[STUDENT C]
Ah!
[STUDENT D, KOUSUKE grunt]
[STUDENT D, KOUSUKE groaning]
What the hell's your
problem?! Get off!
[KAHO muffled]
You're hurting me.
[KOUSUKE gasps]
[KOUSUKE]
Sorry!
--[KOUSUKE] Can you get up?
--[KAHO] Yeah.
Uh!
[KOUSUKE]
I think you sprained it.
[YURI]
No, it's okay.
Please. There's nothin'
okay about it.
Kousuke, what are you doing?
Put your arm around me.
Uh... Thank you.
What do you think of
this new development?
This just might be
the start of something...
The start of
something beautiful!
All right!
Everything's good again,
thanks to yours truly.
I can't remember the last
time I felt so happy!
[giggles]
Huh?!
It's changed!
Ten? What's that mean?
Huh?
Mm...
One?
[piano plays]
[MAKOTO] Not here. Maybe I
got here a little too early.
Huh?!
[MAKOTO]
There he is...
Um, excuse me!
I have a question for yo...
Huh? Yuri!
You scared the life outta me!
[MAKOTO]
How come you're here?
[YURI] I brought the
notebooks up for you.
You forgot you're on
duty today, I bet.
Oh! Right!
[YURI laughs]
I figured as much.
I hope you appreciate
our friendship here.
So, what's your question?
Oh, uh, nothing! Forget it!
[YURI]
Okay.
Hey, Yuri!
[YURI]
Yeah?
Did you see anyone
on your way up here?
[YURI]
Like who?
[MAKOTO]
Uh, never mind.
[YURI]
All right.
[phone vibrates]
[MAKOTO]
It's from Kousuke...
"She just asked me out.
Jealous?"
Heh. Whater.
Who do ya think set it up
for you in the first place?
[gasps]
Oh, no...
[KOUSUKE]
Ma...
Ko...
To... There.
Where do you live?
[KAHO] On the south side,
right past the station.
[KOUSUKE] We should get my
dad to check out your ankle.
[KAHO]
Uh?
[KOUSUKE]
Our clinic isn't far from here.
[panting]
[YURI]
Come to think of it...
I did actually pass someone
on my way up here!
It was Chiaki.
[panting]
Kousuke!
[STUDENT K]
He went home.
[STUDENT L] Yeah, holding hands
with that first year girl.
[STUDENT K, L chuckle]
[MAKOTO]
It's gone...
Answer the phone.
Yeah, it's me, Dad. I've, uh,
got a sprain ankle for you.
Think maybe you can
take a look at it?
No, it's not me.
Yeah, sure, we'll
be right there.
[KAHO]
Thanks for all this.
[VOICEMAIL] Please leave a
message after the beep.
Damn!
[whistle blows]
[MAKOTO panting]
[MAKOTO] What now?
Should I go back in time?
Then again, it's not like
anything's happened yet.
[crossing gates ringing]
[MAKOTO panting]
[train horn blares]
Uh, 'scuse me!
You wouldn't know if there
was a bike accident here?
[WOMAN C]
Uh... No. I-I don't think so.
[MAKOTO]
Okay. Thanks.
[WOMAN C] An accident,
she said. How scary.
[phone vibrates]
Kousuke? Where are you? Kousuke?
Huh...?
[MAKOTO]
Chiaki.
[CHIAKI]
Kousuke's over at his place.
Hey, uh, what's the deal?!
You guys didn't show
up at the field!
--[MAKOTO] Sorry.
--[CHIAKI] I'm still waiting.
--Wait a sec!
--Yeah?
[MAKOTO]
Chiaki, there's something
I've been wanting to ask
you for a while now.
Do you have fun
playing ball with me?
[CHIAKI]
What're you talking about?
I mean, I have a lot of fun
playing baseball with you.
[CHIAKI chuckles]
You sure suck
for someone who
likes it so much.
You'd suck too,
if enthusiasm didn't count.
[CHIAKI chuckles]
That's better than nothing.
[laughs]
[CHIAKI]
What's so funny?
It's nice talkin' to ya.
It feels like it's been ages.
[CHIAKI]
What're you talking about?
We've been talking all day.
Oh, right. Yeah. I guess.
[CHIAKI]
You miss me that much, huh?
[MAKOTO]
Ah! Don't be so stupid!
[CHIAKI]
I'm kidding! Kidding! Calm down.
Actually, Makoto,
[sighs] there's something I've
been meaning to ask you as well.
[MAKOTO]
Oh, yeah?
[CHIAKI] You're gonna think
this is seriously whacked.
[MAKOTO]
So, what is it?
--[CHIAKI] Well...
--[MAKOTO] Come on. Spit it out.
[CHIAKI]
Have you been...
...time leaping?
[CHIAKI] You've been
time leaping, right?
[CHIAKI]
Hey, Makoto...
[MAKOTO]
Huh. Uh...
[CHIAKI]
Makoto!
[CHIAKI] Actually, Makoto,
there's something
I've been meaning
to ask you as well.
You're gonna think this
is seriously whacked. Well...
[MAKOTO]
No wait!
--Hang on a second!
--[CHIAKI] Uh...
[MAKOTO] Let's talk
about my little sister.
[CHIAKI]
Huh? Why?
[MAKOTO] 'Cause. Oh man,
is my sister ever stupid--
[CHIAKI]
Uh. Hello, I was talking here.
Uh... U-Uh. Never mind.
I'll be waitin' here for ya.
How does Chiaki know about it?
[gasps]
[MAKOTO] Zero? So these
digits did represent
the number of times
I could time leap.
I wasted my last one
on something so lame.
Oh, well. No biggie.
Kousuke wasn't hurt,
and that's what really counts.
[KOUSUKE]
Hey, Makoto!
[bike chain whirls]
[MAKOTO gasps]
I need to borrow your
bike a bit longer!
Wait, Kousuke!
No, stop!
[WOMAN B, MAKOTO groan]
[MAKOTO screams]
[WOMAN B]
Honestly!
Watch where you're going!
Apologize at once! Hey!
Look!
Stop, Kousuke! Kousuke!
[crossing gate ringing]
[train horn blares]
Wait, Kousuke!
Stop!
Kousuke! Kousuke!
[grunting]
[MAKOTO]
Kousuke...
Kousuke!
[MAKOTO grunts, groaning]
[CROWD murmurs]
[whimpering]
[bell tolls]
[MAKOTO] Stop! Stop! Stop!
Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop!
Stoooop!
[gasps]
[MAKOTO]
Huh?
Huh? Huh?!
[MAKOTO]
What's going on?
[CHIAKI]
I knew it was you.
[MAKOTO gasps]
[MAKOTO]
Chiaki?!
What're... you doing here?
Where's Kousuke?
Probably still at home.
[MAKOTO]
What? But he was just here...
[gasps]
[MAKOTO]
Wait... Did you do this?!
You can time leap too, Chiaki?!
Would you...
Would you laugh if I told you
I came from... the future?
[CHIAKI] In my time,
a device is developed
that allows people to travel
through time whenever they want.
This is it here.
You use it to charge your body.
That's how I came to this era,
with this device.
I didn't realize it at first,
but somewhere along the way...
...I lost it.
I panicked. I looked everywhere
and eventually I found it.
In the science lab.
But by then, it was
already used up.
[CHIAKI] It wasn't all bad news.
It was charged to an idiot.
I had trouble sleeping,
thinking it might fall
into the wrong hands.
Why'd you come here?
'Cause I had to.
[MAKOTO]
Why though?
[CHIAKI] There was a painting
I desperately wanted to see.
No matter how far away it was,
or what sort of
place it was in.
No matter how dangerous...
[CHIAKI]
...I wanted to see it.
Unfortunately, in my time,
the painting had already
been destroyed.
And before these times,
its whereabouts was unknown.
The only place where there was
an accurate record of it
was in this present era,
in this place.
It was here, in this season.
And so you came all... this way?
All I needed was to see it.
I was going to remember it
for the rest of my life.
[CHIAKI] Anyway... I guess
there's no point now.
To anything.
[MAKOTO]
Huh?
You can't return?!
What's that supposed to mean?!
[CHIAKI] It means just that,
I can't go back to my time.
[MAKOTO]
I know, but why?!
[CHIAKI] Because having
to steal your bike
that Kousuke was
supposed to ride
used up all the time
leaps that I had left.
[gasps]
What'll you do?!
There's nothing I can do.
Why would you use it
up for that?!
Didn't you think to save it
for when you really needed it?!
I did save it for
something important.
You probably haven't fully
realized it yet, Makoto,
but Kousuke and that
girl did die once
at that train crossing.
A certain someone was sobbing
and blaming herself for it,
so it was the only
choice I really had.
[CHIAKI]
I was supposed to go home,
but before I knew it,
summer was already here.
I couldn't help it. Being with
you guys was so much fun.
[CHIAKI]
I saw a river flow
across the land for
the first time.
I rode a bike
for the first time.
I discovered just how
enormous the sky is.
And more than anything,
I'd never seen a place
with so many people.
[MAKOTO]
Hey, Chiaki?
I was wondering, is there
some kind of connection
between that painting
and the future...
...where you come from, I mean?
Please, tell me. Is there?
[CHIAKI]
I really like this era.
You have baseball.
Huh? Baseball disappears?
For real?
Over here, stupid.
[MAKOTO]
Huh?! Aww, stop messin' around.
That painting...
[CHIAKI]
Huh?
--That painting...!
--[CHIAKI] Yeah?
It's not there now, but
you'll be able to see it soon.
It's getting restored.
That's why it's not there.
How 'bout the three of us go?
You, me, and Kousuke?
Especially now that summer
vacation's about to start!
What do you say,
Chiaki? Chiaki?!
Sorry, I can't.
Uh?
[CHIAKI]
As of tomorrow, I won't be here.
[gasps]
How come?
[CHIAKI] I'm not supposed to let
the people who live in the past
know about time leaps.
I broke that rule.
That's why...
...I won't be able
to see you again.
I'll keep my mouth shut!
I promise I won't tell anyone!
Chiaki! Where are you?!
Hey, Chiaki...
Chiaki...
Chiaki!
You said we'd go to
a night game together!
[CHIAKI]
Sorry.
And that we'd go to see
a fireworks festival!
[CHIAKI]
I'm really sorry.
So this means you don't
want to see me in a yukata?!
[CHIAKI] Sorry, I would
liked to have seen that.
Jerk!
Chiaki!
Uh! Wait!
[STUDENT M]
Why is Chiaki quitting school?
[STUDENT N] Apparently he was in
debt and the mob was after him.
[STUDENT O]
Is that true?
It's not something like his
parents getting a divorce?
[STUDENT P] Well, I heard he's
marrying an older woman,
because he got her pregnant.
What?! Seriously!
So what's the story, Makoto?
I'm tellin' you,
he's not that kind of guy!
I heard he lost it and
stabbed some guy.
I heard he beat him up
with a baseball bat.
[STUDENT Q] No. He took a
knife and stabbed him.
I told you he's not like that!
--Hey, Kousuke!
--Hey, c'mon. Come back!
What's his problem?
[KOUSUKE]
What the hell happened to him?
[KOUSUKE sighs]
[KOUSUKE]
It's one thing not to tell me,
but he could've at least
talked to you about it.
I mean, considering
he had a thing for you.
[MAKOTO]
Did Chiaki say that?
[KOUSUKE]
I thought it was obvious.
Didn't you notice?
Well, you're awkward
with stuff like that.
M-Maybe that's why he
couldn't come out with it.
[MAKOTO]
Kousuke...
[KOUSUKE]
Yeah?
[MAKOTO]
I'm a horrible person.
Huh?
[MAKOTO] He wanted to tell
me something important,
but I pretended the
conversation never happened.
Why didn't I take what
he said more seriously?
[MAKOTO sobs]
Makoto, what are
you talkin' about?
Uh! Wait!
[MAKOTO panting]
[STUDENT R]
Ah!
[sobbing]
[KAZUKO]
Feel any better?
You know what, I honestly
thought you were just friends
with both Kousuke and Chiaki.
To tell you the truth,
I figured you would graduate
without dating
either one of them,
and you'd end up going
out with someone else entirely.
[MAKOTO] That's what I
thought too, until yesterday.
[KAZUKO]
But that's not how it is, right?
I fell in love for the first
time when I was in senior high.
We hit it off right
from the start.
It was as if we'd known
each other all our lives.
But it all fell apart
before we grew up.
[MAKOTO]
Why?
[KAZUKO] I don't know.
Bad timing, I guess.
[MAKOTO]
What's he doing now?
[KAZUKO]
I couldn't tell you.
He promised to come back for me.
I wasn't planning to
wait for him, but...
Anyway, so many years
have passed now.
It didn't seem very long.
Time flew by fast.
[KAZUKO]
But, Makoto.
[MAKOTO]
Hm?
You're different. You're nothing
like me at all, are you?
If a boy is late in
meeting up with you,
you're the type
to go look for him.
[slurping]
Makoto, watermelon!
[MAKOTO'S MOM]
Leave her, dear.
[MAKOTO'S DAD]
What's up with her?
Not coming down for dinner,
no watermelon?
[MIYUKI]
She's heartbroken. That's what.
You're kidding?!
Miyuki, cut it out.
It's none of your business.
[MIYUKI] If a boy is late
in meeting up with you,
you're the type
to go look for him.
Huh?
[gasps]
[groans]
No way!
It was zero before.
It can't be...!
[MAKOTO panting]
--[MAKOTO'S MOM] Makoto!
--[MIYUKI] Sis!
[MAKOTO'S DAD]
Hey, take it easy, Makoto!
Makoto!
[panting]
[MAKOTO] Chiaki time leaped
in order to save Kousuke.
So I got my last one back.
If I can go back far enough,
he should get his back, too!
Oh, Makoto!
[MAKOTO]
I'm almost positive.
[screams]
[FUKUSHIMA-SENSEI]
Setlle down, kids.
Huh? Who are you?
[KOUSUKE] I'm Kousuke Tsuda,
and this Makoto Konno.
[CHIAKI]
Konno?
[FUKUSHIMA-SENSEI]
He looks a bit rough,
but I hope you all get along.
[KOUSUKE]
Makoto, over here!
[CHIAKI]
See ya, Makoto!
[KOUSUKE]
Hey, did you hear that?
He called you by
your first name.
[CHIAKI] Makoto, what do
you say? Wanna go out?
You were wondering
what it'd be like
if Kousuke got a girlfriend.
I mean... I'm not ugly, am I?
[MAKOTO groaning]
Ah!
[groans]
Huh?
[YURI]
Makoto?
Are you okay?
[YURI] I wonder what Chiaki
does on the weekends and stuff.
I'm sure he doesn't play
baseball all the time.
[MAKOTO]
Yuri...
Huh?
[MAKOTO] There's something
I haven't been able to tell you.
[YURI]
Yeah? What is it?
It's Chiaki. I really like him.
A lot.
I'm sorry.
I see. I kinda thought so.
I bumped into Chiaki on my way
here. You should go to him.
[MAKOTO]
Mm.
Makoto.
Time waits for no one...
[KOUSUKE]
Makoto!
[MAKOTO]
Kousuke, where's Chiaki?
[KOUSUKE]
He got tired of waiting
and went ahead to the field.
He's pretty cranky.
We'd better hurry.
You sure you wanna leave
your girlfriend alone?
After all I did--
What do you mean "girlfriend"?
Oh, right. It's all
gone back to before...
What're you mumbling
to yourself about?
Uh, nothing!
--Uh?
--Hm?
[MORIKO, SEKIMI gasp, chatter]
[MAKOTO]
Hey, why don't we invite them
to play ball with us?
What? You serious?
[MAKOTO]
Go and ask them.
Yeah? Why should I?
[MAKOTO]
The more, the merrier, right?
Yeah, sure, but, come on,
do you even know 'em?
Kind of. Hey! That reminds me...
Huh?
Borrow my bike, and
it'll cost you 5,000 yen.
What?!
[MAKOTO]
Got that? 5,000 yen!
Hang on! What's this
all about anyway?
Ask them nicely, "Would you
like to play ball with us?"
Like that.
--[MAKOTO] One more thing!
--[KOUSUKE] Huh?
[MAKOTO]
Thanks for waiting for me!
Hey, Makoto!
[MAKOTO]
What?!
[KOUSUKE]
Watch where you're goin'!
[MAKOTO]
Sure!
[panting]
[panting continues]
[MAKOTO pants]
[CHIAKI]
You're late. Where's Kousuke?
--[MAKOTO] Not coming.
--[CHIAKI] Huh?
What do you mean
he's not coming?
[CHIAKI]
Uh?!
Uh... Where'd you find that?
I-I mean, d-do you even
know what it is?
Yeah, I know what it is.
[CHIAKI]
Wha... Who told you?
You did.
Give me a break. I did not.
I never told you about it.
Actually, you told
me everything.
About how you came here
from the future,
and what this thing does...
Everything.
Uh... Uh!
[MAKOTO]
I thought so.
Thank goodness.
[CHIAKI]
Where did you come from?
I came from the future.
[CHIAKI]
Can you time leap?
I could, but not anymore.
[CHIAKI] Did I actually
tell you all that?
Yup.
And you believed me?
Mm-hm.
--[CHIAKI] What an idiot!
--Yeah, maybe.
[CHIAKI] So, you came all the
way back to tell me that?
Yeah.
[CHIAKI groans]
[CHIAKI] Why would I tell you?
How could I be so stupid?
[MAKOTO] When you go back to the
future, enjoy that painting.
It's not gonna
get lost or burned.
I'll figure out a
way to make sure
it's preserved for the future.
[CHIAKI]
Thanks. I'd appreciate that.
I was supposed to go back
right after I got here,
but all of a sudden,
it was summer.
Time sorta just flew by,
'cause you guys are so much fun.
Yeah, but that's
not all you said.
[CHIAKI]
Then what did I say?
Not telling.
C'mon. Why not?
I'm serious. You gotta
tell me what I said.
[MAKOTO]
I'm not telling.
You have to tell me. Don't leave
me in the dark. Come on!
[BOY A]
Aw, look at the lovers.
[MAKOTO, CHIAKI]
Uh?!
You're in love!
Mm. I love you!
Kiss!
[CHIAKI]
Hey, hey! Get lost, rugrats!
--Let's get out of here!
--Hurry!
Wait for me!
[CHIAKI sighs]
[CHIAKI]
Say "bye" to Kousuke for me.
Tell him sorry I couldn't
say goodbye in person.
[MAKOTO]
Sure.
[CHIAKI]
Oh, um, ah, o-one more thing.
[MAKOTO]
Yeah?
[CHIAKI] There's something
I've been meaning to tell you
for a long time now.
[CHIAKI]
Listen...
Don't go gettin' yourself hurt
by jumping out in front
of things, okay?
[MAKOTO]
Aw...
[CHIAKI] I'm serious.
You need to be more careful.
The ol' "look be fore you leap"
thing definitely works.
Unbelievable.
That's the last thing
you have to say to me?
[CHIAKI]
I'm looking out for ya, stupid.
Fine, then! Thank you so much
for looking out for me!
Now, hurry up and go!
[CHIAKI]
What are you upset about?!
[MAKOTO]
Just go!
[CHIAKI]
See ya.
Yeah, see ya!
[COUPLE laughing]
[gasps]
[sobbing]
I don't get it.
[wailing]
[sobbing]
I'll be waiting for you.
'Kay. I won't be long.
I'll come running.
[KOUSUKE]
Makoto...
Makoto...!
[KOUSUKE]
Hey, Makoto!
Incredible. I don't believe it.
Me, I could understand, but to
leave without sayin' bye to you?
And all of a sudden
he's leavin' school
'cause he's gonna study abroad.
Aw, c'mon. Gimme a break!
[KAHO]
Oh! Sorry!
[MAKOTO]
Don't worry about it.
He probably figured out
what he wanted to do.
[KOUSUKE]
Wait. Did he tell you somethin'?
Tell me something? Like what?
--[KAHO grunts]
--[MORIKO, SEKIMI groan]
[KAHO]
S-Sorry!
[MORIKO] Kaho,
you throw like a girl.
Look at her...
[MAKOTO] I've made a decision
about my future, too.
Oh? What?
[MAKOTO]
It's a secret!
How come? What?
Don't you trust me?
Tell ya some other time.
[SEKIMI]
Makoto, hey!
[MAKOTO]
Ready!
Good throw!
Here it comes!